Hidden setup, worked calculations and Cholesky — 2026-09-25

This revision supersedes the visible Python-oppsett tabs documented in
clarity-verification.txt. Weeks 8–12 now put their setup include before the
tabbed lecture notes and hide its complete UI. The interactive autorun cell
retains the normal execution lock while imports load; no extension fork or
custom startup code was introduced.

Native execution passed for all 30 setup/lecture cells in weeks 8–12.
The checker also ran each week's first visible cell in an independent fresh
namespace, without its hidden setup: all five passed. This is reproducible
with scripts/check_optimization.py --week 8 9 10 11 12 --first-only.

Cold-browser checks passed on all five pages. They verified that the setup
wrapper is hidden, no Python-oppsett tab exists, and Run remains disabled
while setup is pending. A later experiment was run before the first visible
cell on every page; all succeeded using the hidden imports/helper functions.
All 25 visible lecture cells were then executed and required nonempty text
or rendered plots. There were no JavaScript exceptions, Python errors or
horizontal page overflow.

All 36 mathematical exercise widgets accepted their expected exact answers;
one deliberately wrong answer per page was rejected. This includes the three
new Cholesky exercises. All 15 coding exercises rejected unfinished starter
code and accepted completed fixtures through the actual browser checker.
No exercise exposed test hints. Numeric scalar answers use short fields;
the single algebraic expression retains its medium-width field. No raw
Markdown bold/backtick delimiters appeared in mathematical widget questions.

SciPy reference fields remain initially collapsed. The code-exercise pane
follows the mathematics exercises, and learning objectives remain present.
The JSXGraph applet code is unchanged from the preceding verified revision.

Full Quarto HTML rendering passed with --no-execute. Student Python cells
were verified separately in native Python and browser Pyodide. Screenshots
were inspected for the week 9 compass/hand calculation, week 10 Cholesky and
saddle explanations, and week 12 tangent/Lagrange progression. The Cholesky
factor calculation was further split into displayed equations after visual
inspection, without changing its mathematics or executable statements.

A combined Astra XHIGH review of weeks 8–12 checked terminology before use,
motivation before experiment headings, worked examples, connections between
weeks, mathematical assumptions and all mathematical exercise answers.
Required corrections were applied and rechecked. See
package-streamline-astra-xhigh.txt for the source-level audit.
